#DOGS
English setter
Siberian husky
Australian terrier
English springer
Great Dane
malamute
Walker hound
Welsh springer spaniel
whippet
Scottish deerhound
Weimaraner
soft-coated wheaten terrier
Dandie Dinmont
Old English sheepdog
otterhound
bloodhound
Airedale
giant schnauzer
dalmatian
black-and-tan coonhound
papillon
Staffordshire bullterrier
Mexican hairless
Bouvier des Flandres
miniature poodle
malinois
Lhasa
Yorkshire terrier
Newfoundland
Norwegian elkhound
Rottweiler
schipperke
Pekinese
Brabancon griffon
West Highland white terrier
Sealyham terrier
Saluki
Irish wolfhound
EntleBucher
French bulldog
basenji
Bernese mountain dog
Maltese dog
Norfolk terrier
toy terrier
vizsla
cairn
groenendael
Cardigan
clumber
komondor
Afghan hound
Japanese spaniel
borzoi
toy poodle
Kerry blue terrier
Scotch terrier
Tibetan mastiff
Doberman
Boston bull
Greater Swiss Mountain dog
Appenzeller
Shih-Tzu
Irish water spaniel
Pomeranian
Bedlington terrier
miniature schnauzer
collie
golden retriever
Irish terrier
affenpinscher
Border collie
boxer
silky terrier
beagle
Leonberg
German short-haired pointer
Chesapeake Bay retriever
bull mastiff
pug
kuvasz
curly-coated retriever
Norwich terrier
flat-coated retriever
keeshond
Eskimo dog
Brittany spaniel
standard poodle
Lakeland terrier
Gordon setter
standard schnauzer
Tibetan terrier
wire-haired fox terrier
basset
chow
American Staffordshire terrier
Shetland sheepdog
Great Pyrenees
Chihuahua
Labrador retriever
Saint Bernard
Samoyed
bluetick
redbone
kelpie
miniature pinscher
Italian greyhound
cocker spaniel
Irish setter
Sussex spaniel
Pembroke
Blenheim spaniel
Rhodesian ridgeback
African hunting dog
Ibizan hound
English foxhound
briard
Border terrier
German shepherd
schooner
#PRIMATES
guenon
indri
orangutan
squirrel monkey
chimpanzee
proboscis monkey
gorilla
spider monkey
siamang
patas
dhole
baboon
macaque
capuchin
howler monkey
marmoset
gibbon
langur
colobus
#SEA CREATURES
grey whale
sea lion
killer whale
dugong
starfish
chambered nautilus
great white shark
tiger shark
hammerhead
electric ray
stingray
barracouta
coho
tench
goldfish
eel
rock beauty
anemone fish
lionfish
puffer
sturgeon
gar
loggerhead
axolotl
trilobite
isopod
Dungeness crab
rock crab
fiddler crab
king crab
American lobster
spiny lobster
crayfish
hermit crab
jellyfish
sea anemone
brain coral
flatworm
nematode
conch
snail
slug
sea slug
chiton
sea urchin
sea cucumber
#LAND FORMATIONS
cliff
valley
alp
volcano
promontory
sandbar
coral reef
lakeside
seashore
geyser
#TOOLS & APPLIANCES
hatchet
cleaver
letter opener
plane
power drill
lawn mower
hammer
corkscrew
can opener
plunger
screwdriver
shovel
plow
chain saw
whistle
wing
paintbrush
hand blower
carpenter's kit
oxygen mask
snorkel
loudspeaker
microphone
screen
mouse
electric fan
oil filter
strainer
space heater
stove
guillotine
barometer
rule
odometer
scale
analog clock
digital clock
wall clock
hourglass
sundial
parking meter
stopwatch
digital watch
stethoscope
syringe
magnetic compass
binoculars
projector
sunglasses
loupe
radio telescope
bow
cannon [ground]
assault rifle
rifle
projectile
computer keyboard
typewriter keyboard
crane
lighter
abacus
cash machine
slide rule
desktop computer
hand-held computer
notebook
web site
harvester
thresher
printer
iron
espresso maker
microwave
Dutch oven
rotisserie
toaster
waffle iron
vacuum
dishwasher
refrigerator
washer
Crock Pot
frying pan
wok
caldron
coffeepot
teapot
spatula
nail
screw
television
radio
oscilloscope
monitor
laptop
#MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS
accordion
grand piano
organ
upright
chime
drum
gong
maraca
marimba
steel drum
banjo
cello
violin
harp
acoustic guitar
electric guitar
cornet
French horn
trombone
harmonica
ocarina
panpipe
bassoon
oboe
sax
flute
drumstick
#VEHICLES
minibus
airliner
warplane
airship
balloon
space shuttle
fireboat
gondola
speedboat
lifeboat
canoe
yawl
catamaran
trimaran
container ship
liner
pirate
aircraft carrier
submarine
half track
tank
bobsled
dogsled
bicycle-built-for-two
mountain bike
freight car
passenger car
barrow
shopping cart
motor scooter
forklift
electric locomotive
steam locomotive
amphibian
ambulance
beach wagon
cab
convertible
jeep
limousine
minivan
Model T
racer
sports car
go-kart
golfcart
moped
snowplow
fire engine
garbage truck
pickup
tow truck
trailer truck
moving van
police van
recreational vehicle
streetcar
snowmobile
tractor
mobile home
tricycle
unicycle
horse cart
jinrikisha
oxcart
school bus
bullet train
trolleybus
#FURNITURE
bassinet
cradle
crib
four-poster
bookcase
china cabinet
medicine chest
chiffonier
table lamp
file
park bench
barber chair
throne
folding chair
rocking chair
studio couch
toilet seat
desk
pool table
dining table
entertainment center
wardrobe
chest
#BIRDS
cock
hen
ostrich
brambling
goldfinch
house finch
junco
indigo bunting
robin
bulbul
jay
magpie
chickadee
water ouzel
kite
bald eagle
vulture
great grey owl
black grouse
ptarmigan
ruffed grouse
prairie chicken
peacock
quail
partridge
African grey
macaw
sulphur-crested cockatoo
lorikeet
coucal
bee eater
hornbill
hummingbird
jacamar
toucan
drake
red-breasted merganser
goose
black swan
white stork
black stork
spoonbill
flamingo
American egret
little blue heron
bittern
crane
limpkin
American coot
bustard
ruddy turnstone
red-backed sandpiper
redshank
dowitcher
oystercatcher
European gallinule
pelican
king penguin
albatross
#REPTILES
leatherback turtle
mud turtle
terrapin
box turtle
banded gecko
common iguana
American chameleon
whiptail
agama
frilled lizard
alligator lizard
Gila monster
green lizard
African chameleon
Komodo dragon
triceratops
African crocodile
American alligator
thunder snake
ringneck snake
hognose snake
green snake
king snake
garter snake
water snake
vine snake
night snake
boa constrictor
rock python
Indian cobra
green mamba
sea snake
horned viper
diamondback
sidewinder
European fire salamander
common newt
eft
spotted salamander
#BUGS
ant
harvestman
scorpion
black and gold garden spider
barn spider
garden spider
black widow
tarantula
wolf spider
tick
centipede
tiger beetle
ladybug
ground beetle
long-horned beetle
leaf beetle
dung beetle
rhinoceros beetle
weevil
fly
bee
grasshopper
cricket
walking stick
cockroach
mantis
cicada
leafhopper
lacewing
dragonfly
damselfly
admiral
ringlet
monarch
cabbage butterfly
sulphur butterfly
lycaenid
#BUILDINGS & STRUCTURES
altar
triumphal arch
patio
steel arch bridge
suspension bridge
viaduct
barn
greenhouse
palace
monastery
library
apiary
boathouse
church
mosque
stupa
planetarium
restaurant
cinema
home theater
lumbermill
coil
obelisk
beacon
totem pole
castle
prison
grocery store
bakery
barbershop
bookshop
butcher shop
confectionery
shoe shop
tobacco shop
toyshop
fountain
cliff dwelling
yurt
dock
brass
megalith
bannister
breakwater
dam
chainlink fence
picket fence
worm fence
stone wall
grille
sliding door
turnstile
mountain tent
water tower
drilling platform
bell cote
flagpole
dome
#CLOTHES
kimono
suit
feather boa
cloak
hoopskirt
trench coat
bulletproof vest
cardigan
sweatshirt
apron
poncho
military uniform
mitten
brassiere
miniskirt
cowboy hat
cowboy boot
lab coat
gown
sombrero
overskirt
sarong
jersey
Loafer
maillot
bikini
sock
stole
vestment
jean
sandal
fur coat
pajama
running shoe
abaya
mortarboard
academic gown
Windsor tie
bolo tie
bow tie
swimming trunks
bonnet
#ACCESSORIES
handkerchief
necklace
mailbag
mask
CD player
water bottle
perfume
backpack
purse
bow tie
bolo tie
stole
Windsor tie
cellular telephone
wallet
cassette player
tape player
iPod
lens cap
reflex camera
wig
lipstick
umbrella
#HOUSEHOLD ITEMS
tray
shower curtain
carton
ashcan
safe
plate
plate rack
thimble
cocktail shaker
tub
spindle
bathing cap
teddy bear
Christmas stocking
water jug
wooden spoon
shoji
pot
hamper
rubber eraser
hair slide
coffee mug
pitcher
television
measuring cup
piggy bank
dial telephone
soap dispenser
vase
milk can
paper towel
pillow
toilet tissue
cassette
ladle
washbasin
ballpoint
bath towel
window screen
window shade
pill bottle
shower cap
swab
mixing bowl
lampshade
dishrag
pencil box
goblet
broom
doormat
quilt
tape player
clog
iPod
matchstick
lens cap
reflex camera
fire screen
fountain pen
bib
saltshaker
plastic bag
diaper
Band Aid
rubber nipple
monitor
#RECREATION
balance beam
ski
maypole
scoreboard
knee pad
crash helmet
ski mask
football helmet
crossword puzzle
golf ball
baseball
tennis ball
volleyball
basketball
rugby ball
soccer ball
parallel bars
horizontal bar
dumbbell
barbell
parachute
television
radio
ballplayer
water bottle
jigsaw puzzle
scuba diver
comic book
slot
ping-pong ball
punching bag
reflex camera
sleeping bag
racket
#FOOD
dough
espresso
pizza
bagel
French loaf
mashed potato
bell pepper
head cabbage
broccoli
cauliflower
zucchini
spaghetti squash
acorn squash
butternut squash
cucumber
artichoke
cardoon
mushroom
potpie
wine bottle
hot pot
meat loaf
soup bowl
beer bottle
beer glass
pop bottle
bottlecap
trifle
chocolate sauce
red wine
whiskey jug
eggnog
ice cream
ice lolly
pretzel
cheeseburger
carbonara
hotdog
burrito
guacamole
consomme
#FUNGI
coral fungus
stinkhorn
gyromitra
bolete
agaric
earthstar
hen-of-the-woods
